This project is a project I did for my CISC3115 class, the java file in this repository titled "PhoneBookApp.java" consists of 6 classes. This project is meant to implement many essential techniquesof OOP which is the reason this project is structured the way it is. 
The first class is called "PhoneBookApp" and it contains the main method, in this class a Phonebook object is instantiated, (the Phonebook class is defined later on in the file). The main method takes in a file titled "phonebook.txt", there is a  file in this repository with this name which shows how the format of the file should be if one wants to test this project with their own custom input. Essentially what the .txt file does is provide data to create a Phonebook object filled with data such as names and various different phone numbers. 
The main method wants input from the keyboard, it will ask if the user wants to look up a name in the Phonebook or quit, choosing to quit ends the program. If the user proceeds to look up a name, then the user will be prompted to enter a last name and a first name, then the main method creates an instance of the PhoneBookEntry object (which is defined later on in this file), this object is a data field of Phonebook class. Then the main will search the Phonebook app to see if such a name exists, if it does then the number(s) of the person the user entered will be printed and the user will once again be asked if they want to lookup another name or if they want to quit. If the name does not exist, then "Name not found is printed". 
There are five other classes after PhoneBookApp, a class called Name, a class called PhoneNumber, a class called ExtendedPhoneNumber, this class mainly exists for the sake of using a superclass and a subclass for this project's requirements, and a class called PhoneBookEntry which is an aggregate class made up of the Name and ExtendedPhoneNumber classes. This class represents an individual entry within a traditional phonebook. 
Lastly, there is the Phonebook class itself. This class implements the TreeMap data structure, however the object is instantiated using polymorphism, though that's not too important. The class itself uses the TreeMap and fills it up with individual PhoneBookEntry objects, the Name object is the Key, while the PhoneBookEntry object is the Value. So within the first class of this file, an input file is read which then creates individual PhoneBookEntry objects, and then each entry is added to a TreeMap within the Phonebook class, the program asks the user to enter a name to look up and then searches the TreeMap for the name that was entered as that is the Key in the Key, Value pair. If the Key is found then the number is returned. 
This project is thus a neat implementation of various techniques of OOP such as aggregation, inheritance and polymorphism as well as the TreeMap data structure to create a nice Phonebook Application.
